add colortables quickrecipe doc and test (#17525)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/python_scripting/quickrecipes.rst

    print(legend)

> Working with Color Tables

Reviewer: Thanks for re-formatting the *whole file* for line length! :tada: But, just to be clear, any of us are *obligated* by our policies to do this only in any *existing paragraph* we modify (as well as, of course, any new content we add).

-------------------------

Sometimes it is helpful to create a new color table or manipulate an existing one.
Color tables consist of ``ControlPoints`` which specify color and position in the color spectrum as well as a few other standard options.

Existing color tables can retreived by name via ``GetColorTable`` as in: ::

    hotCT = GetColorTable("hot")
    print(hotCT)
    # results of print
    GetControlPoints(0).colors = (0, 0, 255, 255)
    GetControlPoints(0).position = 0
    GetControlPoints(1).colors = (0, 255, 255, 255)
    GetControlPoints(1).position = 0.25
    GetControlPoints(2).colors = (0, 255, 0, 255)
    GetControlPoints(2).position = 0.5
    GetControlPoints(3).colors = (255, 255, 0, 255)
    GetControlPoints(3).position = 0.75
    GetControlPoints(4).colors = (255, 0, 0, 255)
    GetControlPoints(4).position = 1
    smoothing = Linear  # NONE, Linear, CubicSpline
    equalSpacingFlag = 0
    discreteFlag = 0
    categoryName = "Standard"

> The ``colors`` field of the ``ControlPoint`` is (R,G,B,A) in the range (0, 255).

Reviewer: I dunno about you but I am not sure how much people will understand what `A` is here. It might make sense to simply spell that whole thing out including what *alpha* means (which is a measure of the color's transparency, correct?)

Author: Added information on RGBA meaning.

> The ``colors`` field of the ``ControlPoint`` is (R,G,B,A) in the range (0, 255).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``colors`` field of the ``ControlPoint`` is ``(R,G,B,A)`` in the range ``(0, 255)``.
```

Author: Added information on RGBA meaning.

The ``position`` field of the ``ControlPoint`` is in the range (0, 1) and should be in ascending order.

> In all the examples below, ``silo_data_path`` refers to a function that returns the path to silo example data.  

Reviewer: :+1:

> In all the examples below, ``silo_data_path`` refers to a function that returns the path to silo example data.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all the examples below, ``silo_data_path()`` refers to a function specific to VisIt_ testing that returns the path to silo example data.  
```

When copying the examples don't forget to modify that reference according you your needs.

Modifying existing color tables
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Color tables can be modified by Adding or Removing ControlPoints, and by changing ControlPoint colors and position:

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to include a link to [this information about color tables](https://visit-sphinx-github-user-manual.readthedocs.io/en/develop/using_visit/MakingItPretty/Color_tables.html#editing-color-control-point-positions-numerically) elsewhere in the manual to. We don't seem to do a great job of explaining what is meant by `position` parameter or offer the mental model for that is going on there (except maybe a sentence to some effect in the part of the manual I ref).

Author: Added link.

.. literalinclude:: ../../test/tests/quickrecipes/colortables.py
    :language: Python
    :start-after: # modifyTable1 {
    :end-before: # modifyTable1 }

.. literalinclude:: ../../test/tests/quickrecipes/colortables.py
    :language: Python
    :start-after: # modifyTable2 {
    :end-before: # modifyTable2 }

.. literalinclude:: ../../test/tests/quickrecipes/colortables.py
    :language: Python
    :start-after: # modifyTable3 {
    :end-before: # modifyTable3 }

.. literalinclude:: ../../test/tests/quickrecipes/colortables.py
    :language: Python
    :start-after: # modifyTable4 {
    :end-before: # modifyTable4 }

.. literalinclude:: ../../test/tests/quickrecipes/colortables.py
    :language: Python
    :start-after: # modifyTable5 {
    :end-before: # modifyTable5 }

> Here is the resulting plot, and how it changes as the color table it uses is modified: with original 'hot' color table; after removing control points; after changing colors; after using equal spacing and  after changing positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the set of images below we can see how the plot changes as the color table it uses is modified: with original 'hot' color table; after removing control points; after changing colors; after using equal spacing and  after changing positions.
```

> .. image:: ../../../test/baseline/quickrecipes/colortables/standard_hot_table.png

Reviewer: You have to handle these image paths a bit differently because RTD will see only the LFS'd file. I had to disable the [`sphinx_lfs_extension` that was originally fixing this](https://github.com/visit-dav/visit/discussions/17457#discussioncomment-2384390) because it was killing our GitHub bandwidth.

So, you have to specify the full URL as described in [third bullet here](https://github.com/visit-dav/visit/discussions/17504#discussion-3965440)

Author: Fixed links.

    :width: 15%

.. image:: ../../../test/baseline/quickrecipes/colortables/modified_hot_table_1.png
    :width: 15%

.. image:: ../../../test/baseline/quickrecipes/colortables/modified_hot_table_2.png
    :width: 15%

.. image:: ../../../test/baseline/quickrecipes/colortables/hot2.png
    :width: 15%

.. image:: ../../../test/baseline/quickrecipes/colortables/hot3.png
    :width: 15%

Creating a continous color table from scratch
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Creating a continous color table is pretty straightforward.

Reviewer: I don't think this sent. is necessary.

Author: Removed.

> It involves creating a ``ColorControlPoint`` for each color you want, setting its ``colors`` and ``position`` fields, then adding them to a ``ColorControlPointList``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a continuous color table involves creating a ``ColorControlPoint`` for each color you want, setting its ``colors`` and ``position`` fields and then adding them to a ``ColorControlPointList``.
```

Reviewer: Does it make sense to try to link to our Python objects too as in...hmm...well, I as about to add a suggestion for that but can't seem to find anywhere in our cli doc where `ColorControlPointList` object is documented.

The ``ColorControlPointList`` is then passed as an argument to ``AddColorTable``.

.. literalinclude:: ../../test/tests/quickrecipes/colortables.py
    :language: Python
    :start-after: # continuous1 {
    :end-before: # continuous1 }

.. figure:: ../../../test/baseline/quickrecipes/colortables/rainbow_continuous.png

    Pseudocolor plot resulting from using the "myrainbow" color table.

Creating a discrete color table from scratch
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Sometimes you may not want to figure out RGB values for colors you want to use.

Reviewer: Be aware we're using `RGB` here but `(R,G,B,A)` (a python tuple maybe) elsewhere.

Author: Changed to use RGBA.

In that case you can import a color module that will give you the RGB values
for named colors that are part of the module.
Here's an example of creating a discrete color table using named colors from the vtk module:

 
.. literalinclude:: ../../test/tests/quickrecipes/colortables.py
    :language: Python
    :start-after: # discrete1 {
    :end-before: # discrete1 }

.. figure:: ../../../test/baseline/quickrecipes/colortables/discrete_using_vtk.png

    Subset plot using the "mylevels" color table.

Modifying the color table for the Volume Plot
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The Volume plot is unique in that the ``ColorControlPointList`` is stored directly in the plot's attributes instead of being referenced via the color table name.

Reviewer: Is that the only plot that behaves this way?

Author: Good catch. No.

Author: Changed the section to include other plots.
